creates a new movie about video games
on the cinema screen eyebrows
High skepticism is what it's all about
is in fact a pacman
donkey kong space invaders conquer new
York comedy with Adam Sandler
at 11 o'clock yesterday called video games
Last night, the first trailer appeared
to pixels in the evil aliens
send video game characters to earth
batman donkey kong and galaxy space
invader grab new york and the whole
to put mankind to survive
us president wants to play gruber of
Kevin James a team from former
professionals together, among others
Adam Sandler and Game of Thrones Star
peter dinkel exists
the biggest worries are preparing us
however in the center the most
his films have from our point of view like that
much humor like expired acid cucumbers
Do not mess with Jack and Jack
jill or hotel transylvania sender is
even record holder when it comes to the anti
Oscar of golden raspberry
going
the trailer can still hope for
not only do the kate figures look right
Good also the director Chris
columbus through movies like harry
potter gremlins and kevin alone at home
the project could become known
despite Adam's dealers lead to success
and even the pacman fi nature
iwatani has a small role to play
let persuade then the film seems that
trust the video game developer and
publisher ever won
to provide the arctic
By the way, the comedy is based on the
eponymous short film by patrick der
2010 on youtube over a million
clicks landed both left so the
trailer our short films can be found in
the video description then you have
hope that with peter dinkel the
directors chris columbus and kevin james
the thing still rocked that is
but we find but then on 30
june out when pixels in theaters
coming